Cosign reorg (#323)
sigstore/docs: content/en/quickstart/quickstart-cosign.md

---
type: docs
category: Quickstart
description: Sign and Verify with Cosign
title: Sigstore Quickstart with Cosign
weight: 5
---

![Cosign Overview](/sigstore_cosign-horizontal-color.svg)

Join us on our [Slack channel](https://sigstore.slack.com/). (Need an [invite](https://links.sigstore.dev/slack-invite)?)

## Quickstart signing and verifying with Cosign

Cosign is a command line utility that is used to sign software artifacts and verify signatures using Sigstore.

> Language specific clients (like [sigstore-python](https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-python)) are other options for signing and verifying, but Cosign is a great, language agnostic place to start. 

Reviewer: I might slightly rephrase to add that the language specific clients are SDKs to build tooling on top of, and though some may offer basic CLIs, Cosign is the recommended tool for most signing and verifying.

Author: @haydentherapper Thanks! That makes sense. I have updated the wording a bit. This part will change again once the language clients are added to the docs. We could also cut this section for now and reintroduce something once there is something more to link to within the documentation (I want to link to the upcoming 'language client' section of the docs).

> This quickstart will walk you through how to sign and verify a blob and a container. Although keyless signing is recommended, this quickstart will also show you how to sign using a generated key. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is out of scope for this reorg PR, but since we're recommending keyless signing maybe that's what the focus of this quickstart should be?

Author: @cmurphy So it does go through keyless signing first, and then signing with a generated key at the end. Would you like for me to remove the generated key section? 

I think I could reword things so that it is clearer that the first part of the quickstart is for keyless signing and is preferred. However, a quickstart does not need to highlight every feature so I am comfortable removing the generated key section all together.

Reviewer 2: I think I was initially thinking to just remove the non-keyless signing part since I imagine the quickstart as a very brief, easy introduction, but I'd also be fine with just rewording this to de-emphasize signing with a generated key. If we go with the latter, either removing the second sentence entirely or changing it to something like

```suggestion
This quickstart will walk you through how to sign and verify a blob and a container. It will introduce keyless signing, which is the recommended method, as well as signing with a generated key, which is necessary for some use cases.
```

I think it's mainly starting the sentence with "Although" that's throwing me.

Author: I think that there is a lot going on in this quickstart, so I opted to remove the section. Let me know what you think.
